[IMP] Project: Update Deadline feature (#15624)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/project/tasks/task_creation.rst

   linked to billable projects.
 - :guilabel:`Allocated Time`: the amount of time that the work on this task is expected to last,
   tracked by timesheets.
 - :guilabel:`Deadline`: the expected end date of the task. Click the :guilabel:`Deadline` field to
   select an end date for your task in the dropdown calendar. You can also add a start date for your
   task to designate the entire time frame of the task's duration: on the dropdown calendar, click
   the :icon:`fa-calendar-plus-o` (:guilabel:`fa-calendar-plus-o`) icon and select the start date

>    and end date for your task. Click :guilabel:`Apply` to save.

Reviewer: - We try to avoid using you/your when it isn't really necessary (otherwise, everything can be *yours* - your task, your website, your database, etc.)
- I was a bit confused by the wording "you can add a start date to designate the entire time frame of the task's duration", I had trouble making sense of this so I suggested to rephrase that make to avoid confusion (and repetitions when possible).

```suggestion
 - :guilabel:`Deadline`: the expected end date of the task. Click the :guilabel:`Deadline` field to
   select the task's end date in the dropdown calendar. To define the task's duration, including its start and end dates (and optionnally specific times), click the :icon:`fa-calendar-plus-o` (:guilabel:`fa-calendar-plus-o`) icon in the dropdown calandar, select the dates and times, then click  :guilabel:`Apply` to save.
```

Author: Thank you! Agreed on the use of you/your. I think I went a little too fast on this task.
I just corrected a lil typo on "Calandar" -> Calendar :)
